website blogger.com
website bing.com
website bing.com
website blogspot.com
website blogger.com
website bing.com
website blogger.com
website blogspot.com
website blogspot.com
website blogger.com
website blogger.com
website bing.com
website bing.com
website blogspot.com
website blogspot.com
website ask.com
website dailymotion.com
website google.com
website flipkart.com
website google.com
website google.com
website google.com
website ask.com
website baidu.com
website rakuten.co.jp
website google.com
website sohu.com
website flipkart.com
website onclickads.net
website flipkart.com
website github.com
website t.co
website twitter.com
website ask.com
website t.co
website flipkart.com
website t.co
website t.co
website dailymotion.com
website dailymotion.com
website onclickads.net
website popads.net
website facebook.com
website dailymotion.com
website t.co
website ask.com
website flipkart.com
website booking.com
website wikipedia.org
website booking.com
website baidu.com
website wordpress.com
website onclickads.net
website instagram.com
website wordpress.com
website onclickads.net
website popads.net
website onclickads.net
website facebook.com
website instagram.com
website wordpress.com
website wordpress.com
website ask.com
website github.com
website soso.com
website stackoverflow.com
website baidu.com
website wikipedia.org
website adcash.com
website baidu.com
website baidu.com
website aliexpress.com
website github.com
website popads.net
website github.com
website aliexpress.com
website paypal.com
website reddit.com
website youtube.com
website reddit.com
website adcash.com
website wikipedia.org
website craigslist.org
website linkedin.com
website soso.com
website dailymotion.com
website wordpress.com
website popads.net
website booking.com
website Naver.com
website craigslist.org
website booking.com
website aliexpress.com
website facebook.com
website craigslist.org
website reddit.com
website linkedin.com
website linkedin.com
website linkedin.com
website adcash.com
website wikipedia.org
website imgur.com
website msn.com
website craigslist.org
website wikipedia.org
website stackoverflow.com
website reddit.com
website amazon.com
website soso.com
website espn.go.com
website facebook.com
website pixnet.net
website sogou.com
website linkedin.com
website stackoverflow.com
website youtube.com
website amazon.com
website youtube.com
website booking.com
website stackoverflow.com
website msn.com
website netflix.com
website netflix.com
website msn.com
website youtube.com
website ebay.com
website ok.ru
website reddit.com
website kat.cr
website instagram.com
website vk.com
website netflix.com
website soso.com
website sogou.com
website paypal.com
website paypal.com
website craigslist.org
website instagram.com
website kat.cr
website espn.go.com
website instagram.com
website espn.go.com
website sogou.com
website adcash.com
website vk.com
website soso.com
website mail.ru
website ebay.com
website netflix.com
website aliexpress.com
website msn.com
website yandex.ru
website vk.com
website facebook.com
website sogou.com
website go.com
website yandex.ru
website kat.cr
website mail.ru
website kat.cr
website paypal.com
website aliexpress.com
website outbrain.com
website mail.ru
website yandex.ru
website pinterest.com
website ok.ru
website imgur.com
website microsoft.com
website pinterest.com
website mi.com
website sogou.com
website Naver.com
website pinterest.com
website outbrain.com
website vk.com
website netflix.com
website stackoverflow.com
website msn.com
website vk.com
website dropbox.com
website ebay.com
website amazon.com
website adcash.com
website amazon.com
website cnn.com
website imgur.com
website pinterest.com
website Naver.com
website mi.com
website Naver.com
website dropbox.com
website espn.go.com
website espn.go.com
website outbrain.com
website imgur.com
website dropbox.com
website yahoo.com
website tmall.com
website twitter.com
website yahoo.com
website go.com
website diply.com
website yandex.ru
website microsoft.com
website microsoft.com
website outbrain.com
website ebay.com
website imgur.com
website mail.ru
website pixnet.net
website twitter.com
website ok.ru
website go.com
website dropbox.com
website dropbox.com
website kat.cr
website ebay.com
website outbrain.com
website twitter.com
website ok.ru
website mail.ru
website github.com
website yahoo.com
website pixnet.net
website cnn.com
website cnn.com
website amazon.com
website tmall.com
website pinterest.com
website twitter.com
website cnn.com
website popads.net
website go.com
website ok.ru
website go.com
website pixnet.net
website tmall.com
website mi.com
website Naver.com
website youtube.com
website paytm.com
website paytm.com
website paytm.com
website paytm.com
website paytm.com
website diply.com
website cnn.com
website yandex.ru
website diply.com
website pixnet.net
website tumblr.com
website yahoo.com
website hao123.com
website microsoft.com
website tmall.com
website yahoo.com
website mi.com
website tumblr.com
website tumblr.com
website tumblr.com
website diply.com
website paypal.com
website microsoft.com
website diply.com
website hao123.com
website hao123.com
website tumblr.com
website mi.com
website hao123.com
website tmall.com
website hao123.com
website rakuten.co.jp
website rakuten.co.jp
website rakuten.co.jp
website rakuten.co.jp
../data/attack_data/processed_27000 instagram.com 566935.2
{'msn.com': [825780, 831428, 799024, 1043992, 854240], 'ok.ru': [1970720, 2057832, 2660036, 2391312, 928104], 'wikipedia.org': [13485852, 13486276, 13499212, 13509044, 13494208], 'youtube.com': [5468196, 6417040, 5171752, 5404484, 11862528], 'sohu.com': [9223372036854775807], 'kat.cr': [2027984, 2249524, 2053564, 5331864, 2482180], 'rakuten.co.jp': [17028944, 76633488, 90868104, 83779432, 161941956], 'stackoverflow.com': [4234756, 3841728, 2538012, 4270216, 2540648], 'dropbox.com': [35392812, 35030384, 36897956, 52054040, 35291672], 'pixnet.net': [12631272, 6164656, 9052148, 12928468, 24457512], 'mail.ru': [7524020, 7925052, 6810744, 7660180, 8478420], 'adcash.com': [1677788, 1483644, 982084, 795300, 1254880], 'flipkart.com': [421576, 1285148, 417840, 1307148, 456412], 'onclickads.net': [13786484, 14660264, 14615288, 14663716, 13971856], 'tmall.com': [8564572, 14148604, 15717892, 15878776, 48830948], 'linkedin.com': [3531008, 2082744, 2209192, 2148032, 2466740], 'bing.com': [12608732, 12614296, 12624764, 12625048, 13545760], 'booking.com': [6938156, 6911072, 8281940, 9379560, 8942332], 'baidu.com': [4859628, 4895648, 5003792, 4910344, 4859564], 'mi.com': [19848584, 29317868, 14275288, 18783552, 59241124], 'Naver.com': [716588, 8849432, 3393044, 6867292, 6238872], 'twitter.com': [17310312, 5611680, 5596924, 5850444, 7520524], 't.co': [17471716, 17467104, 17451832, 17469876, 17455024], 'facebook.com': [1984684, 3041280, 5075612, 3406868, 3729048], 'netflix.com': [3283252, 3255132, 3299136, 3306416, 3175652], 'ebay.com': [5877340, 2454300, 4747376, 3341720, 8089868], 'ask.com': [3570132, 1627308, 2033512, 1961672, 1691388], 'blogger.com': [8140704, 8184764, 8162816, 8224440, 8165260], 'craigslist.org': [3818480, 3784860, 3791708, 3869672, 3834108], 'diply.com': [36434796, 27768796, 30239436, 33581968, 44368516], 'reddit.com': [3882928, 1098344, 772940, 3371920, 1560108], 'github.com': [834740, 776960, 659228, 630384, 939756], 'espn.go.com': [34233668, 41037880, 38942068, 44128276, 35789604], 'go.com': [39107772, 35234744, 33776656, 39090436, 34074696], 'paytm.com': [56568208, 82325712, 66417356, 59359448, 69456276], 'popads.net': [6450876, 6808488, 6801744, 6459752, 6930244], 'cnn.com': [118280468, 106409032, 130072112, 137416136, 125097160], 'amazon.com': [23874540, 20673548, 19810256, 22345880, 42439724], 'blogspot.com': [8186740, 9011116, 8975088, 8185068, 7798636], 'imgur.com': [15877476, 14118032, 15702776, 17833084, 15126792], 'yahoo.com': [38304684, 46553436, 31647792, 55186536, 50328848], 'yandex.ru': [1805336, 1766924, 1956500, 2142292, 1764840], 'wordpress.com': [10463348, 10453300, 9735888, 10452904, 10463312], 'pinterest.com': [22778880, 24032408, 21716256, 17485564, 22077696], 'instagram.com': [539924, 593924, 629352, 471000, 600476], 'tumblr.com': [142971432, 87161296, 94210648, 111180264, 112656224], 'google.com': [348284, 1062816, 1289228, 632820, 563884], 'outbrain.com': [12692360, 10170660, 11497080, 13851692, 6198736], 'microsoft.com': [6442944, 2662952, 2323704, 5693332, 12224000], 'paypal.com': [2021260, 917972, 1255048, 2134800, 1791408], 'dailymotion.com': [710668, 657524, 749328, 729108, 656488], 'aliexpress.com': [13717996, 13905572, 13431160, 24329508, 14477240], 'sogou.com': [6452984, 6429108, 7109156, 6385472, 6476228], 'vk.com': [2564116, 2113660, 2548952, 1999404, 2494532], 'hao123.com': [12927056, 16994196, 18541952, 18466540, 19737720], 'soso.com': [6382428, 6249316, 6419960, 6241228, 6407028]}
